In the elements dictionary we saw earlier,
element names which are strings are mapped to their atomic numbers, which are integers.
But what if we wanted to store more information about each element,
like their weight and symbol.
We can do that by adjusting this dictionary so that it maps
the element names to another dictionary that stores that collection of data.
We can look up information about an entry in
this nested dictionary in the same way as we did before.
With square brackets or the get method.
We can look up specific information from the Helium dictionary like this.
This code is first looking up the key helium in
the elements dictionary producing the Helium dictionary.
The second lookup weight,
then looks up the weight key in that Helium dictionary to find helium's atomic weight.